Hey guys welcome to my new minecraft lets play
least laggy forge modpack
i HATE curseforge because,.,,.;. uhhh.. well theyre just bad, okay???
Changing to creative mode from survival, then opening the inventory crashes the game. I don't know why.
As you guys can see... LOOK!! HE KILLED HIM WITH A STUN... A STUN! HE CAN'T USE A STUN!
AAH! Tried to sneak through the door, man! Can't make it, Can't make it!
My cat Ronald, the other day just lost a collar that looks exactly like that, and started using the internet...
Hey Ronald.... It's been a while...
This is MF DOOM
Okay, so the first night is never usually that bad in any of the games, so I'll play throu-
Now I am become bean, the refried of can.
How do you killbind IRL
Okay, If I... If I chopped you up in a meat grinder...
prantchads we are so Created
You sound like two horses... I like talking to you.
Do you think cats are real?
Sometimes... I dream about cheese.
Happiness has to be fought for.
cheemto
sollu
No actually you guys all suck.
Goblins will see you part the sea and say "This wizard can't afford a boat!"
I'm tired of crowns and swords.
I don't know how to express my mental anguish
I SPIL MY JICE MODS HELP HELP HELP HELP HEP HELP HELP
Woobs....
There's nothing out there, Gordon!
rage is consuming me
so called free thinkers when they are turned into a  guinea pig and are forced to walk across a wood bridge thing
guys no choking roleplay in general chat
watched that cat walk right over the edge of my bed like a Persian solider off a cliff earlier.
she stuck in my home until Stockholm syndrome
It's Woods time for you.
I don't like the implications of that...
these guys want me... dead...
losbter
FAILURE AFTER FALIURE AFTER FAILURE AFTER FALIURE AFTER FAILURE AFTER FALIURE
pirate nintendo games :shavedtroll:
there is no such thing as an aubrey
you know what they say, can't do it wrong if nobody knows what you're doing
eatin a burger with no honey mustard
yeah can i have an uuuhhhhh um uhhhmmmmmm
say gex
hey guys uhhh
mira
all toasters toast toast
Crafting is cheaper than therapy.
When you stare too long, they get personal.
We're here to help you defuse the situation.
Building blocks, one misplaced at a time.
They just want a hug... and your brains.
Punching trees: The original anger management.
GPS tracking lost. Just kidding, we found it.
Please do not feed the developers.
Rumor has it, the 'Power Button' does wonders here.
FEED my, my Coins!!! Mr. Freemaaaaaaaaaaaannnn
No dragons were harmed in the making of this game... okay, maybe one.
Don't worry, our servers have a great sense of humor.
Loading... Just kidding.
LOOK OUT! There's a dangerous MOTH up ahead!
Having trouble, Insect?
Water 2: Drink the future.
i have ground beefs
o well. ‘watever wednesdays’ ,, for a beast..
me when i give my cat waoter
Guys what one is your favorite
Frog now eat player
I am flooding your apartment #LOL
apple fritter
Mizzlebip confirmed real
A visitor? Hmm... Indeed, I have mined long enough.
I will- I will eat you alive dude... NO! NOT AYO! I'M A CANNIBAL! I EAT PEOPLE!
iconic rizz at the top
Gordon Freeman
guns you down(platonic)
your AO3 acc,,,,,,
hi callie
i;m crying on the floor she looks 43
youre far from normal
when the toddler says something so pitbullphobic you have to give them the princess stare
I used to have this webkinz that I used to pour milk on and suck the milk back out of and it was sopping wet all the time :( i used to slam it against walls and it would make a loud thud
im telling you guys it was this big
oh thats an acronym not a whine
horrible beast of vice enforcing its slothful reign over my place of rest
Geer
I get that you're going through hormones and you're probably discovering some new feelings but these types of things aren't acceptable to talk about in a Minecraft server full of miners
You are never alone in the dark.
If you press alt+f4 i promise it gi ves you free diamon (Trust)
Stop asking me when the "Intimate Relations Update" is coming out im NOT DOING IT